David's Strengths

Person 0's Response
Strength: Working in a group

Example: Being a musician in an ensemble is a specific skill set some musicians never quite master. Finding the "space" in a trio or quartet requires a sophisticated intent in listening, an ability to adapt quickly, and a willingness to share or yield a spotlight.

Strength: Passion

Example: Since you were first hired, I've been able to feel your passion for music. Your academics in a nother field has not meant that you've curtailed your desire to discover, experiment, and create with music.

Strength: Diligence and determination

Example: Reliable and consistent in pushing forward in music, even and especially when you've felt stagnant or uninspired, and this diligence will help you in any pursuit you undertake. Most jobs are work, and pushing through artistic work days is tougher in some ways than less creatively demanding endeavors.

Person 1's Response
Strength: Patience

Example: David is probably one of the most patient people I know. When we were on a team together during the IS Core, our team was very different and each member handled things a lot differently than David. I remember during INTEX everyone had a lot of different opinions on how to do things, and David just took everything in stride and kept working hard even when he could have been impatient with any one of us because our different views on how to get things done.

Strength: Kindness

Example: I have never heard a mean thing come out of David’s mouth, and it was very apparent when we were on our study abroad together that David was kind to everyone. After being roommates with nearly everyone in the group, everyone liked David more than they did to begin with. He’s just nice to everyone and people seem to reciprocate that kindness.

Strength: Quiet Confidence

Example: I think this is an area where David has grown a lot and he has developed this into one of his strengths. When I first met David, I noticed that he was shy, but he seemed to be confident in who he was. Since then, I feel like he’s grown into being himself even more and he doesn’t shy away from the person that he is. He’s confident in his ability to contribute in whatever situation he finds himself in.

Person 2's Response
Strength: Attention to detail

Example: Frequently when our roommate who is a music major misremembers a note when playing by ear, David is able to identify the small difference and correct it

Strength: A calm demeanor

Example: David is almost always calm. Even when he is stressed, he manages it well and appears calm. We've been roommates for close to a year and a half and he has never been unkind or acted angrily towards anyone that I've seen

Strength: An ability to separate complex ideas into their component parts and apply them in diverse ways

Example: I have often heard david say something along the lines of "what if [insert concept is like [insert other concept]." One speciic example was a conversation I had with david about textgeneration neural nets and their potential to be used as rhyme generators (for music, poems, or fun) or as generators of jokes

Person 3's Response
Strength: Good listener

Example: Not an attention seeking individual that needs to be the center of everything going on. More like the wise old owl that sat in the oat. The more he sat, the less he spoke, the less he spoke, the more he heard. People know that you will listen

Strength: Accepting

Example: People see you as a non-judgmental person. You accept people for who they are. That is why so many people loved having you on the study abroad. You just fit in with the group and they loved you for it.

Strength: Problem solver

Example: You are a thinker. You like to watch and analyze. You can see ways to solve a problem

Person 4's Response
Strength: Listening

Example: Demonstrated throughout the semester and project

Strength: Reliability

Example: I knew I could count on you to show up and go above and beyond on different the assignments. For example, many times we were the two to show up to the different meetings or the lab.

Strength: Composure

Example: On the way to the final, you seemed very relaxed (if you were stressed you hid it well).

Person 5's Response
Strength: Hard working, belief that work changes things

Example: You work at your musical compositions. You work at keeping physical belongings clean and orderly. You work at classes to do your best, even when some are less interesting, because you believe that is the best option. You work at friendships. You work at eating nutritious foods

Strength: Overcome challenges

Example: Freshman year: called home about twice daily, would ask what you should do next. About 2 weeks in, this faded. Began to adapt.

Strength: Creativity

Example: Photography, pictures and painting, creativity in your music jobs, chose 4 different colors for painting your room, choose clothes you like regardless of others' choices.

Person 6's Response
Strength: You are Service oriented

Example: In one of our first interactions you helped me with a bunch of logic stuff without even knowing me

Strength: You keep calm under pressure (at least from my experiences with you)

Example: Anytime we've gotten a super weird song request at work you were able to come up with something super quickly where I would have frozen

Strength: You are a good listener

Example: I don't just feel like I'm talking at you, when I'm confiding in you, I feel valued as a person

Person 7's Response
Strength: Curiosity

Example: you are frequently asking specific questions about whatever topic, something you’re wanting to understand more. Money, history… I’m thinking of road-trip moments where you’re asking mom a bunch of questions.

Strength: Determination

Example: you seem to follow through with things you’ve told yourself you would do or complete or whatever. Creating music, working out, being a good student. When the family wanted to hear a song you thought had been deleted, you still went searching for it and found it. Santa’s late.

Strength: Meekness

Example: you are a powerful person, with strong words & strong actions—things other people use to abuse people in their life. You have power, but you exercise it in wisdom and with grace. You choose your moments carefully and exactly. You think things through before you do or say them. You have potential to harm, but you are considerate in all your dealings.

Person 8's Response
Strength: Organized and methodical

Example: Room at home is organized (and therefore relaxing). It's not flashy or over decorated. You have just what you need and only what you have space for

Strength: Dependable and honest

Example: If you say you'll do something then you do it. I think a good example is that job you had doing web stuff. They wanted a commitment by a certain date. Lots of people would have just put a decision off or said yes I'm staying and then changed their mind. But you took it seriously

Strength: Think ahead

Example: I remember talking with you 2 or so years ago about why you were applying to your major and why you didn't do something more artsy with your music. You said something to the effect that showed that you had looked at the whole picture… salary, job types, fulfillment, etc. and I was, and continue to be, impressed with your thoughtfulness and intelligence

Person 9's Response
Strength: Thoughtful

Example: Never spoke a scripted word in a lesson. Spoke from the heart, trying to present ideas clearly and calmly

Strength: Honest

Example: If we had ideas that conflicted, we didn't hold against each other, but I held true to what I believed. Shared feelings honestly

Strength: Compassionate

Example: Open to others, ideas and personalities, accepting them as they were. Couldn't remember me saying something bad about someone. Allowed space for others' perspectives

Person 10's Response
Strength: Creativity

Example: At dance studio, David is amazing at putting together sounds that average person wouldn't think of putting together. This contributed to teachers loving his music and improving dance class

Strength: Patience

Example: David doesn't get upset easily. I've seen him in a variety of situations and he is always patient with everyone who he interacts with

Strength: Good listener

Example: David is an exceptional listener. He is able to ask questions to help people feel comfortable talking with and sharing information with him. This is a great strength.

Person 11's Response
Strength: Fun

Example: Came to new year's party and danced heart out, didn't care what anyone else thought just had fun in the moment.

Strength: Creativity

Example: One of the best pianists I know. Can put chords together in a way that I never would have thought of and sounds amazing. Can create music that has really good flow

Strength: Level headed

Example: Always have had really good priorities. Will speak his mind when important things come up

Person 12's Response
Strength: Organized

Example: Schedule work and activities with an awareness of how much time you will need for various tasks. Arrive on time, finish tasks on time, and keep on top of your life

Strength: Responsible and conscientious

Example: When asked to participate in a group project, you do your part. When assigned to be a home evening leader, you actually plan activities

Strength: Excellent sense of humor

Example: Although you do not share your humor as much as you ought to, you do have a quick wit. When you opened your mission call, one of your prior young men's leaders were talking about how they appreciated your sense of humor. I was gratified to know that someone outside of your family actually had the privilege of enjoying your jokes.